Update Installation Instructions (#86)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_tokenizers: README.md

conda install -c conda-forge openvino openvino-tokenizers && pip install transformers[sentencepiece] tiktoken
```

> ### Install Pre-Release Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install Pre-release Version
```

> Use `openvino-tokenizrs[transformers]` to install tokenizers conversion dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `openvino-tokenizers[transformers]` to install tokenizers conversion dependencies.
```

```bash

> pip install --pre -U openvino openvino-tokenizers --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/nightly

Reviewer 2: openvino will be installed as dependency, no needs to set it manually for installation

Author: Yes, but this way it will be updated to the same dev version as tokenizers.

# OpenVINO output string: `['<s> Quick brown fox was walking through the forest. He was looking for something']`
print(f"HuggingFace output string: `{hf_output}`")
# HuggingFace output string: `['Quick brown fox was walking through the forest. He was looking for something']`
```

> ### Tensorflow Text Integration
> 
> OpenVINO Tokenizers includes converters for some Tensorflow Text operations. 
> For now, only the MUSE model has been supported. 
> Here is an example of the model conversion and inference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### TensorFlow Text Integration

OpenVINO Tokenizers include converters for certain TensorFlow Text operations. 
Currently, only the MUSE model is supported. 
Here is an example of model conversion and inference:
```
